# Erratum The association between the  DNAH11  rs10248618 
 SNP and serum lipid traits, the risk of coronary 
 artery disease, and ischemic stroke: Int J Clin 
 Exp Pathol. 2018; 11(9): 4585-4594  

Yong-Gang Zhou 1 , Rui-Xing Yin 1 , Jie Wu 1 , Qing-Hui Zhang 1 , Wu-Xian Chen 1 , Xiao-Li Cao 2  

Departments of  1 Cardiology, Institute of Cardiovascular Diseases,  2 Neurology, The First Affiliated Hospital, Guangxi  Medical University, Nanning, Guangxi, China  

Received October 26, 2018; Accepted November 23, 2018; Epub December 1, 2018; Published December 15, 2018  

In this article published in IJCEP, the running  title in each page is wrong  due to our negli­ gence.  The correct form is “ DNAH11  rs102-
 48618 SNP and lipids, CAD, and IS”.  

The title of Table 3 in page 4589 is wrong. The  correct form is “Stratified analyses of the  DN-AH11  rs10248618 SNP and the risk of CAD  and IS”.  

The title of Table 4 in page 4590 is wrong. The  correct form is “Association between rs1024-
 8618 and serum lipid levels in controls and  CAD and IS patients”. Also in this table, the  number of CC genotypes in IS patients is 
  $"313"$   not   $"374"$  . The number of  $\mathsf{C T}+\mathsf{T T}$   geno­ types in IS patients is   $"300"$   not “257”.  

In the “Discussion” section on page 4590, the  sentence, “These findings suggest that the  prevalence of the  DNAH11  rs12670798 SNP  might have a racial/ethnic specificity” at the  end of the second paragraph is wrong. The cor­ rect form is “These findings suggest that the  prevalence of the  DNAH11  rs10248618 SNP  might have a racial/ethnic specificity”.  

Address correspondence to:  Rui-Xing Yin, Depart-ment of Cardiology, Institute of Cardiovascular Dis-eases, The First Affiliated Hospital, Guangxi Medical  University, 22 Shuangyong Road, Nanning 530021,  Guangxi, China. E-mail: yinruixing@163.com  